Add VerticalStepper component to docs with custom syntax (#3727)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/quick-start.mdx

For example:

```sql
SELECT
   *
FROM s3(
  'https://storage.googleapis.com/my-bucket/trips.parquet',
  'MY_GCS_HMAC_KEY',
  'MY_GCS_HMAC_SECRET_KEY',
  'Parquet'
)
LIMIT 1000
```

Find more details on the [`s3` table function page](/sql-reference/table-functions/s3.md).
<br/>
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="URL" label="Web">

The [`url` table function](/sql-reference/table-functions/url) reads
files accessible from the web:

```sql
--By default, ClickHouse prevents redirects to protect from SSRF attacks.
--The URL below requires a redirect, so we must set max_http_get_redirects > 0.
SET max_http_get_redirects=10;

SELECT *
FROM url(
    'http://prod2.publicdata.landregistry.gov.uk.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/pp-complete.csv',
    'CSV'
  );
```

Find more details on the [`url` table function page](/sql-reference/table-functions/url).
<br/>
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="local_file" label="Local">

Use the [`file` table engine](/sql-reference/table-functions/file) to
read a local file. For simplicity, copy the file to the `user_files` directory
(which is found in the directory where you downloaded the ClickHouse binary).

```sql

> DESCRIBE TABLE file('comments.tsv')

Reviewer: use compact format

>         Query id: 8ca9b2f9-65a2-4982-954a-890de710a336

Reviewer: compact format

>         ┌─name──────┬─type────────────────────┬─default_type─┬─default_expression─┬─comment─┬─codec_expression─┬─ttl_expression─┐

Reviewer: lets clean this up, use compact format

        │ id        │ Nullable(Int64)         │              │                    │         │                  │                │
        │ type      │ Nullable(String)        │              │                    │         │                  │                │
        │ author    │ Nullable(String)        │              │                    │         │                  │                │
        │ timestamp │ Nullable(DateTime64(9)) │              │                    │         │                  │                │
        │ comment   │ Nullable(String)        │              │                    │         │                  │                │
        │ children  │ Array(Nullable(Int64))  │              │                    │         │                  │                │
        └───────────┴─────────────────────────┴──────────────┴────────────────────┴─────────┴──────────────────┴────────────────┘
        ```

        Notice ClickHouse infers the names and data types of your columns by analyzing a

>         large batch of rows. If ClickHouse can not determine the storage type from the

Reviewer: storage type -> file format

>         large batch of rows. If ClickHouse can not determine the storage type from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        large batch of rows. If ClickHouse can not determine the file type and format from the
```
